Psychology of Learning

    Mechanics of Memory:
        1.  We make new memories by relating new knowledge to previously held knowledge.
            - Hence to attain new memories, we must "interpret, connect, interrelate, and elaborate" the new memories based on our existing memories.
            - In practice, this is the importance of paraphrasing one's notes in order to attain deeper knowledge.
            - PHILOSOPHICAL THOUGHT: Does this then further support the idea of coherence over correspondance as a way of knowing?
        2.  Memory capacity is essentially unlimited, and learning new things "expands capacity"
            - More memories means more points of relation (point 1)
        3.  Information retrieval is dependent upon the environment and the relations built
        4.  Information retrieval is a self strengthening event, making future recall more ready
            - Hence, actual practice is a stronger predictor of retention
    Learning Techniques:
        1.  Short, focused, and spaced out study sessions are better than long ones
        2.  Studying a mixture of topics is better than studying one in exclusion (interleaving studying)
        3.  Studying in a variety of different ways and environments is better than having one study space and technique 
        4.  Testing yourself and recall is better than looking up information while studying
            - Notecards, practice problems
            - This technique is useful as a learning tool, not just as an assessment one
        5.  Develop an effective agenda
            - Focus on learning the things you struggled with most, and that you find most challenging
    Assessment of Learning:
        1.  Two major biases in determining the degree to which knowledge has been learned:
            - Foresight Bias: Belief that information will be easily accessed in the future, because it is currently fresh
                - Could be mitigated in part by spacing out study sessions and mixing topics (Techniques 1 and 2)
            - Hindsight Bias: Belief that, because information is available, we believe it will be easily recalled in the future
                - Example: Student who skims over a textbook and thinks about what topics seem familiar before a test
                - Could be mitigated in part by testing for recall (Technique 4)
        2.  These biases can be mitigated by adhering to the techniques established in "Learning Techniques"

    Personal Analysis of Study Techniques
    
        -   Notecards (Reinforcement Phase)
            -   Coherence: NO - Very cut and dry, only one answer to a notecard.
            -   Retrieval: YES - This is literally exactly what it is.
            -   Varied Environments: YES - Doesn't demand high cognitive load, can be done anywhere.
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES - Easy to pick up and do whenever.
            -   Interleaving: YES - Easy to shift between tasks with notecards.
            
        -   Practice Problems   (Reinforcement Phase)
            -   Coherence: YES - With challenging problems, you have a lot of time to think through things from fundamentals.
            -   Retrieval: YES - Specifically for process based retrieval.
            -   Varied Environments: NO - I generally need lots of focus here. Only specific environments.
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES - Most all techniques should be lending to this.
            -   Interleaving: YES - Most all techniques should be lending to this.

        -   Paraphrasing Notes  (Acquisition Phase)
            -   Coherence: YES - Probably one of the best ways, especially for learning initial concepts.
            -   Retrieval: NO - I don't imagine this would be useful to do multiple times.
            -   Varied Environments: NO - I imagine this would demand a focused environment.
            -   Spaced Sessions: NO - This can really only be done once.
            -   Interleaving: MAYBE - I generally thing this would be best to do once, but I could try interleaving.

        -   Rewriting Proofs    (Reinforcement Phase)
            -   Coherence: NO - Mostly memory based, allows one to solidify some process in their mind.
            -   Retrieval: YES - It is memory based.
            -   Varied Environments: NO - Generally demands a focused environment.
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES
            -   Interleaving: YES

        -   Reading the Textbook    (Acquisition Phase)
            -   Coherence: YES - Especially while taking notes and paraphrasing.
            -   Retrieval: NO
            -   Varied Environments: NO - Generally demands focus.
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES
            -   Interleaving: YES

        -   Attending Lecture   (Acquisition Phase)
            -   Coherence: YES - Adds new context from the professor.
            -   Retrieval: NO
            -   Varied Environments: NO
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES
            -   Interleaving: YES

        -   Doing Side Projects (Reinforcement Phase)
            -   Coherence: YES - Apply it to a new context.
            -   Retrieval: YES - Demands recall to practical application.
            -   Varied Environments: YES - Side projects can happen anywhere.
            -   Spaced Sessions: YES
            -   Interleaving: YES

    Sources:
        [1]:    http://www.excaliburtsa.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Self-regulated-learning-Bjork.pdf